# Becca: A Fashion Chatbot

## Overview

Everyone wants to look their best. After all, it is much easier to feel good when you look good. Appearance is often one of the first things someone may notice about a person. And with appearance comes clothes. Some people embrace fashion as a form of creative expression and spend hours each day learning about the latest fashion trends. Others view clothes as a second thought and have no desire to spend time curating cohesive outfits to feel confident in public. Regardless of a person’s relationship with fashion, making decisions around clothing is something all humans have in common. A personal stylist can assist an individual with discovering and styling garments that complement their personality and lifestyle. Personal stylists can also advise individuals on how to incorporate the latest fashion trends into their outfits without losing their personal flair. While personal stylists can be extremely useful for individuals looking to elevate their wardrobe or those who simply want more time back in their day, personal stylists are expensive and are not feasible for everyone. With the aid of artificial intelligence (A.I.), a personal stylist bot can provide personalised styling recommendations based on preferences, body shape, and budget. A.I. can save an individuals time and money while still providing the full stylist experience. Enter Becca, our fashion chatbot. Leveraging the latest fashion trends, pre-existing items in the user’s closet, and the user’s personal style, Becca can assist in finding pieces to complete any outfit. Becca can also help users discover new clothing styles. Finally, Becca can aid users in identifying and creating outfits for specific events or dress codes. We hope that Becca can help users feel confident and stylish in any situation, all within the comfort of their own homes! Her fashion and personal styling expertise will make getting dressed an enjoyable and stress-free experience.